hey guys Pinoy to a geek back again with
another unboxing video and today we will
be taking a look at the world of cars
Tokyo Drift
light up diecast deluxe set now this is
a Disney Store exclusive and here is a
quick look at the packaging now this set
features seven racers that lights up at
the bottom which includes an exclusive
Kabuto and Tokyo ninja racer these are
really awesome I really love how the
Disney Store has done with this diecast
figures or diecast replicas of the
characters so let's take a closer look
on each character first up we have Tokyo
meter which lights up blue at the bottom
followed by Kabuto which lights up red
next we have boost which lights up
purple we have DJ which lights up dark
blue
next we have Wingull which lights up
green
and we have Kabuto Tokyo ninja which
lights up light blue and of course
finally the star of the show dragonfly
Lightning McQueen which lights up red
so I'm just having fun playing with this
cars and I think that's gonna be it so
if you enjoy watching this video please
don't forget to give me a thumbs up
leave a comment and subscribe to my
channel you can also follow my
collection on Facebook and on Flickr the
link is just right down below and I
think that's a wrap thank you for
watching bye